hello youtubers today I want to talk
about LEDs lighting verse t5 for years I
relied on LED lighting for this thanks
but um I mean that's my opinion I like
these is a good product you know I love
the colors it's tooth but um the depends
on what type of tank you were working on
with I said I that for years you know
and some curls didn't do good some
clothes you know loves curls on you know
everything's everything is fine a shank
you know I just can't promote you know
why some crows did good some sorted um
best mostly you know but um I really
recently you know I did everything that
I could you know and you know I move the
LED high and its high you know no those
curls was getting better but still you
know you know was a game as of good so I
just went back to my two fives
mining and and everything is growing
everything is multiplying like like a
tank should you know Clara we should so
you know I still have the LED you know
but um I can't you might imagine that
for this tank so you know a little I
love LED lighting you know what chief
our work is good is good as well you
know you know I mainly have soft corals
an enemies you know a couple of LPS and
I'm 1sps so but everything is it's doing
good everything is on as producing um
new seats new a new corals you know
doing good lovers are fine you know just
just might take my only these were some
t5 lighting you know I have this
typically particular your nasal coral
like coral reef on lighting but is 79
watts
lieutenant canna the thing is suited for
and on and a white top okay well well
everything seemed to be don't go that it
is factory Bob so eventually how much
would you summarize eighty eyes and put
them in in and then switch amount see if
I got a better color
you know I would have better product so
this is I said this is my views for a
diverse NATO I mean I like the worst
teeth wash and for watching